[Document][Events with email]Expand allowed HTML tags and document plain text field limits (#38537)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/events/guides/email.md

The email body goes through several cleanup steps to enhance readability and security. The expected changes include:

- **HTML to Markdown**: HTML content is converted to its markdown equivalent.

> - **HTML sanitization**: For security, email bodies are sanitized, allowing only specific HTML tags: `a`, `br`, `caption`, `code`, `div`, `em`, `h1`, `h2`, `h3`, `h4`, `h5`, `h6`, `hr`, `iframe`, `img`, `li`, `ol`, `p`, `pre`, `span`, `strong`, `table`, `tbody`, `td`, `tfoot`, `th`, `thead`, `tr`, `ul`. Any other HTML tag, including strings enclosed in `<>`, are removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **HTML sanitization**: For security, email bodies are sanitized, allowing only specific HTML tags: `a`, `br`, `caption`, `code`, `div`, `em`, `h1`, `h2`, `h3`, `h4`, `h5`, `h6`, `hr`, `iframe`, `img`, `li`, `ol`, `p`, `pre`, `span`, `strong`, `table`, `tbody`, `td`, `tfoot`, `th`, `thead`, `tr`, `ul`. Any other HTML tag, including strings enclosed in `<>`, is removed.
```
"is" should agree with "tag" here, rather than "strings" 🤓

- **Strip reply/forward content**: Only the most recent email in a thread is retained, with older replies and forwards removed.

### Datadog event {#datadog-event-2}

> The subject of the email becomes the title of the event and the body of the email becomes the event message. The sender of the email appears at the bottom of the event. Tags can be added by using `#` in message body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subject of the email becomes the title of the event, and the body of the email becomes the event message. The sender of the email appears at the bottom of the event. You can add tags by using `#` in the message body.
```

> The following field limits apply by default. Values that exceed these limits are truncated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog truncates values that exceed these default field limits:
```
